# Module quiz: HTML deep dive

1. You are including a blog post on your web page. You decide to place the content inside an `<article>` tag. What are the advantages of using an `<article>` tag instead of a `<div>` tag in the scenario? Select all that apply.
    - It allows search engines to better rank your pages.
    - It allows the browser to render the element faster.
    - It better describes the meaning of the element to accessibility software
    ```
    A: It allows search engines to better rank your pages,
            It better describes the meaning of the element to accessibility software.

    ```
    
2. Which tag is most suited to describe the navigation menu of your web page?
    - `<div>`
    - `<main>`
    - `<nav>`
    ```
    A: <nav>
    ```
    
3. Which of the following meta tags are recommended for modern web pages? Select all that apply.
    - Keywords
    - Author
    - Viewport
    - Description
    ```
    A: Author,
            Viewport,
            Description.
    ```
    
4. Your web page's web address is appearing incorrectly on social media platforms. Which of the following Open Graph Protocol tags should be added to your web page to fix this?
    - URL
    - Title
    - Description
    ```
    A: URL
    ```
    
5. What is the benefit of adding the required attribute to an input element?
    - It will ensure that the form data submitted is valid.
    - It will ensure that the user provides a value to the form field.
    - It will ensure that the form data is sent securely.
    ```
    A: It will ensure that the user provides a value to the form field.
    ```
    
6. You've added a form element to your HTML document and set the value of the method attribute to POST. What is the other valid HTTP method for form submission?
    - DELETE
    - GET
    - PUT
    ```
    A: GET
    ```
    
7. Your web browser is currently at the URL https://meta.com/hello

    What address will the following form submit to?
    ```html
    <form action="/login">
    ```
    - https://meta.com/login
    - https://meta.com/
    - https://meta.com/hello/login
    - https://meta.com/hello
    ```
    A: https://meta.com/login
    ```
    
8. You are creating a landing page for a local business that includes a audio player. The specification is that the audio automatically plays and can be paused. What are the correct statements for this implementation? Select all that apply.
    - Set several source elements with distinct types
    - Setting the autoplay attribute
    - Setting the controls attribute
    - Setting the loop attribute
    ```
    A: Set several source elements with distinct types,
            Setting the autoplay attribute,
            Setting the controls attribute.
    ```
    
9. Which of the below statements are best practices when adding iframes to your pages? Select all that apply.
    - Skip the allow attribute
    - Add a title attribute
    - Use the lazy loading attribute
    - Use the sandbox attribute to define which privileges are granted to the iframe
    ```
    A: Add a title attribute,
            Use the lazy loading attribute,
            Use the sandbox attribute to define which privileges are granted to the iframe.
    ```
    
10. Which of the following are possible using the canvas HTML element?
    - Manipulating HTML elements
    - 2D graphics rendering
    - 3D graphics rendering
    ```
    A: 2D graphics rendering,
            3D graphics rendering.
    ```
    
11. Which of the following HTTP methods can be used to submit a HTML form? Select all that apply.
    - GET
    - DELETE
    - POST
    - PUT
    ```
    A: GET, POST
    ```
    
12. Your web browser is currently at the URL https://meta.com/hello

    What address will the following form submit to?
    ```html
    <form action="login">
    ```
    - https://meta.com/hello/login
    - https://meta.com/
    - https://meta.com/login
    - https://meta.com/hello
    ```
    A: https://meta.com/hello/login
    ```

13. You've been asked to embed another web page within your web page using an iframe. Which of the following tasks should be done to maintain security?
    - Validate that the web page is a trusted source
    - Apply the allow attribute to the iframe
    - Apply sandboxing to the iframe
    ```
    A: Validate that the web page is a trusted source,
            Apply the allow attribute to the iframe,
            Apply sandboxing to the iframe.
    ```

14. What are the main advantages of using the canvas element to draw content on your pages?
    - It requires less code than HTML sectional tags
    - It provides a good experience for rendering HTML elements.
    - It’s better for thousands of objects and precise manipulation
    - It’s well suited for graphic intensive games.
    ```
    A: It’s better for thousands of objects and precise manipulation,
            It’s well suited for graphic intensive games.
    ```

15. What are the tags that define the basic structure of an HTML page and which order is semantically correct?
    - `<header>`, `<details>`, `<footer>`
    - `<header>`, `<body>`, `<main>`
    - `<h1>`, `<body>`, `<footer>`
    - `<header>`, `<main>`, `<footer>`
    ```
    A: <header>, <main>, <footer>
    ```

16. You are tasked with building a login form for a website. The project manager has asked what type of validation you recommend implementing for both security and a good user experience: client-side validation or server-side validation. Which do you recommend?
    - Recommend both client-side and server-side validation
    - Recommend only client-side validation
    - Recommend only server-side validation
    ```
    A: Recommend both client-side and server-side validation
    ```