# Module quiz: Interactive CSS

1. Which of the following describes the CSS selector `[href~="dog"]`?
    - Select all elements with the href attribute where the value ends with the word dog
    - Select all elements with the href attribute where the value starts with the word dog
    - Select all elements with the href attribute where the value contains the word dog
    ```
    A: Select all elements with the href attribute where the value contains the word dog
    ```

2. If you modify the second CSS selector mentioned to `div + p` with the properties remaining the same, which of the `<p>` tags will have a change in color? Select all that apply.
    HTML Code:
    ```html
    <div>
        <p>alpha</p>
    </div>
    <p>beta</p>
    ```
    CSS code:
    ```css
    div p {
        color: red;
    }
    div p {
        color: blue;
    }
    ```
    - Both alpha and beta
    - Neither alpha nor beta
    - Only alpha
    - Only beta
    ```
    A: Both alpha and beta
    ```
    
3. Which of the following CSS selectors is suitable for changing an element's style based on the state of the element?
    - Class Selector
    - Descendant Selector
    - Element Selector
    - Pseudo-class Selector
    ```
    A: Pseudo-class Selector
    ```
    
4. True or false. The following CSS code will change the color of paragraph elements to red.
    ```css
    /*
    p { color: red; }
    */
    ```
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```
    
5. An element with the property set as `position: absolute` is placed relative to the parent (or ancestor) element, not the viewport.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: True
    ```
    
6. You want to set the font-size of an element relative to the font-size of the root HTML element. Which of the following is the appropriate unit of measurement?
    - em
    - rem
    - px
    ```
    A: rem
    ```
    
7. Which of the following rules inside the `@keyframes` is valid code for moving an item by `100px` from `top` to `bottom`, assuming elements have an `absolute` position. Select all that apply.
    - from {bottom:100px;} to {bottom:0px;}
    - from {top:0px;} to {bottom:100px;}
    - None of the above
    - from {top:0px;} to {top:100px;}
    ```
    A: from {bottom:100px;} to {bottom:0px;}
            from {top:0px;} to {top:100px;}
    ```
    
8. `@mixin` and `@includes` are NOT REQUIRED to be used inside which of the following?
    - Stylus CSS
    - SCSS
    - SASS
    ```
    A: Stylus CSS
    ```
    
9. You're developing a website and another developer noticed that your CSS contains errors. Which of the following will help resolve CSS errors?
    - Inspect the web page using the browser developer tools
    - Install and use a linter
    - Review CSS selectors used and ensure that they are more specific
    ```
    A: Inspect the web page using the browser developer tools,
            Install and use a linter
    ```

10. Which of the following attribute selectors will make a selection based on starting of the value specified?
    - `[attribute="value"]`
    - `[attribute^="value"]`
    - `[attribute~="value"]`
    - `[attribute\*="value"]`
    ```
    A: [attribute^="value"]
    ```

11. Select the CSS units of measurement that are directly related to the viewport’s measurement. Choose all that apply.
    - vi
    - vh
    - vb
    - vw
    ```
    A: vh, vw
    ```

12. Which of the following ARE a part of the grid shorthand property? Select all that apply.
    - `align-self`
    - `grid-area`
    - `grid-auto-flow`
    - `grid-template-areas`
    ```
    A: grid-auto-flow,  
            grid-template-areas.
    ```

13. Which of the following rules inside the `@keyframes` is valid code for moving an item by `100px` from `left` to `right`, assuming elements have an `absolute` position. Select all that apply.
    - from {right:100px;} to {right:0px;}
    - None of the above
    - from {top:0px;} to {top:100px;}
    - from {left:0px;} to {left:100px;}
    ```
    A: from {right:100px;} to {right:0px;}
            from {left:0px;} to {left:100px;}
    ```

14. `div + p` is an example of which type of CSS selector?
    - Adjacent Sibling Selector
    - General Sibling Selector
    - Child Selector
    ```
    A: Adjacent Sibling Selector
    ```

15. An element with the property set as `position: fixed` is placed relative to the parent (or ancestor) element, not the viewport.
    - True
    - False
    ```
    A: False
    ```

16. Which of the following are benefits of using preprocessors?
    - Variable re-use
    - If-Else Statements
    - Loops
    ```
    A: Variable re-use,
            If-Else Statements,
            Loops.
    ```

17. You're developing a website and the customer has reported that the website doesn't display correctly in their web browser. Which of the following will help you to investigate the issue? Select all that apply.
    - Inspect the element using the browser developer tools
    - Install and use a linter
    - Review CSS selectors used and ensure that they are more specific
    ```
    A: Inspect the element using the browser developer tools,
            Install and use a linter.
    ```

18. Which of the following CSS selectors is suitable for selecting an element that is a child of another element? Select all that apply.
    - Child Selector
    - Pseudo-class Selector
    - Descendant Selector
    ```
    A: Child Selector,
            Descendant Selector.
    ```

19. Which of the following is the correct way of commenting in CSS?
    -   ```cpp
        // This is a comment.
        ```
    -   ```css
        /* This is a comment. */
        ```
    -   ```
        -- This is a comment. --
        ```
    -   <p style="font-size:20px"><b>This is a comment.</b></p>
    ```
    A: /* This is a comment. */
    ```

20. Which of the following display CSS property values will result in a block-level element? Select all that apply.
    - inline-grid
    - flex
    - none
    - grid
    ```
    A: flex, grid
    ```